Column F - (25-30)
it will match from inventory file H with G from 1st csv made

then look inventory file column I to match 1st csv and 2 or 3 letter in the sku from each (option 1 csv result)(example (1st Word)(1st letter 2nd word)(last 4 numbers)(date)(rb)
example AbbyC00011162022rb )<---the rb (or whatever letters are added on the sku)

Ok.
Then can you explain the if matches adn not matches part?
match means both H-G and I-sku_last should matche right?
correct. If one matches and other one doesn't, then its not a match
.correct. OK

ok
if it does match
no values entered in Column F (New csv being made)

If it does match
2 values of 24 will be entered column F (New csv)

so example
for every 10 matches, I add 2 24 values.
no
if its 5,20, 100 etc whatever
its only 2 24s. 
ok, So even if its 1 match only, I add 2 24 

that would be impossible. Ok but just confirming
.
thier would be no where to put another 24

but it will never be 1 match anyways.
Ok and where do I add these 2 24s , at start of F column ?

it can be random (to the matches) or the 1st 2 matches

whatever is easier for you.
so If I find matches at row 5 and another one at 8, I can still add
2 24s at start of csv i.e 1st and 2nd row

it wont be like that

example
10 abby cross matches - here you mean total 10 matches right?
correct. ok go ahead complete your sentece
only 2 24's will be added to column F
and the other 8 will be blank

1-5 rows would be abby cross match
6-20 rows would be Aubrey kate match

24 would be entered in 2 rows (Column F) any where rows 1-5

24 would be entered in 2 rows (Column F) any where rows 6-20
Ok.
same is with G column right?

what do you mean?
I have to do the same with column G as I do with F, right?

different

So you understand F now?.Yes, I'll comeplete this in 12 hours, If I have any doubt while making this, I'll contact you. You are available today rigth?

yes I should be for the next 8-10 hrs.
OK.

------------------------------------------------
column G -
It will check the inventory sheet
column H and column G
for matches with 
Coolumn H of new csv and cpolumn B (the letters)

Column H (inventory) must match column H of new csv
and
Column I (inventory) must match the 2 or 3 letter in the sku (new csv)

understand so far? yes

ok
if its a match (both)

the new csv will enter the value of Column G (inventory)
to all matches Column G of new csv, right?
correct.


**Note all the values of the matches will be the same number

example
10 abby cross matches
all value in G will be the same number from inventory sheet

10 of whatever the value is on inventory to coulmn G

understand the if it matches? yes.

we still need to explain if this doesnt match

if it doesnt match

new csv will take the next number (not being used) 

check the whole inventory file column G

and place the next unused number into column g of new csv

example
We are using the row of
10 aubrey kate

inventory file
5 abby cross
value of 1 is used in column G (inventory file)
13 John Smith with the value of 3 in column G (inventory file)

the number 2 would be place in coulumn G of new inventory file
In all of that person

underdstand? yes.
this might take a bit of time though.

----------------------------------
wait. this column G of 2nd csv.

this is same as I just expalined to you.
Ok, so the same as 25-30 option column G

yep.
Ok I'll start the work and get it finished today.
just be online and answer quickly if I message.

